bluetooth: hids: Fix bt_hogp_rep_unsubscribe issue (#28385)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth libraries and services
--------------------------------

* :ref:`hogp_readme` library:

  * Fixed an issue where :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_unsubscribe` did not clear the notification callback, which prevented :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_subscribe` from succeeding after unsubscribing.

>     Also, the notfication callback is no longer called with NULL data when the subscription is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue where the :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_unsubscribe` function did not clear the notification callback, which prevented the :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_subscribe` function from succeeding after unsubscribing.
    Also, the notification callback is no longer called with NULL data when the subscription is removed.
```

Bluetooth libraries and services
--------------------------------

* :ref:`hogp_readme` library:

  * Fixed an issue where the :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_unsubscribe` function did not clear the notification callback, which prevented the :c:func:`bt_hogp_rep_subscribe` function from succeeding after unsubscribing.

>     Also, the notification callback is no longer called with NULL data when the subscription is removed.

Reviewer 2: Seems no longer true: `Also, the notification callback is no longer called with NULL data when the subscription is removed.`
